[dramatic music playing]
[man on phone] There you are.
Where have you been?
I've been trying to reach you.
Doesn't matter. Just listen to me.
There were two men. They know.
I don't know how, but they know.
They came to the nest
asking about the contract.
They know where you are. They're coming.
[Raymond] Elizabeth.
I think we're long overdue for a talk.
[pensive music playing]
What Keen has done is reprehensible.
Working to exonerate the Freelancer.
Using him to befriend
a war criminal like Chemical Mary.
There's no defense of that.
But I think maybe
I've confirmed a plausible explanation.
Besides revenge against Reddington
for killing her mother?
I mean an explanation that matches
what I know about Elizabeth.
She wouldn't do any of this
unless it was for a cause.
In this case,
outing a traitor to the United States.
N-13.
Elizabeth recently stole a thumb drive
from a safe deposit box of Reddington's.
We know the drive contained intel
compiled by Rakitin.
A hacker working for the Russians.
The House intel chair thinks Rakitin
was working in the U.S. government.
He was close to finding out where
when someone hacked
into his committee's computer
and deleted files they had on him.
-Do they know who did it?
-They don't, but I do.
Reddington.
Rakitin funnels stolen intel to N-13.
The drive Keen has contains stolen intel
Rakitin was funneling to Reddington.
Two plus two equals
Mr. Reddington is N-13.
We think. We don't know.
We won't know until we find Rakitin.
That's right. Fortunately, we have a lead.
To be precise, five leads.
The drive Keen stole contained
deep-cover intel on a series of CIA assets
stationed across the globe.
You decrypted it?
Even the NSA couldn't decrypt it.
The NSA didn't have Reddington's
thumbprint on a Scotch glass.
One of these agents is Rakitin?
No. But their identities
were compromised by him,
so I asked the House intel chair
how many people in the office
of Intelligence and Analysis
had the clearance to even know
the identities of this many assets.
The answer is five.
I want their security clearances
frozen and a full workup done.
One of these five is a traitor
to this country. I want to know who.
Maybe we should ask him.
[computer beeps]
For now, this stays with us.
We can talk in my office.
Why so glum, Harold?
You all look like you're in
a Bergman film playing chess with death.
Housekeeping.
I know you don't like coming here.
What you have to tell me must be urgent.
[Dembe] We acquired
this recording late last night.
[dramatic music playing]
[Mary] It's me.
Keen's willing to make a deal.
She wants to meet
with Neville tomorrow, here in D.C.
[man] He's not in the District.
[Mary] Then get him there.
My life depends on it.
[dramatic music playing]
He'll never forgive you for this.
[Raymond] The man is an associate
of Neville Townsend's.
I had a line on him
and a tap on his phone.
But the line's been broken,
the phone disconnected.
This is all I know.
And as of this morning,
Neville Townsend is in the District.
To meet with Elizabeth.
What we don't know is why.
So she could kill him, I suspect.
Townsend hunted her mother for years,
forced her into hiding from Elizabeth,
who now wants revenge.
Why play me the recording?
Because it was made on a satellite phone.
We can't pinpoint the location.
So we're working together.
We are.
The risks are too great if we don't.
-I found one of Townsend's
-[cell phone buzzes]
former bodyguards.
My people are working him.
Make no mistake, Harold,
by going after Townsend,
Elizabeth is putting
her life in grave danger.
He's on the line. He says it's urgent.
Thank you.
-Yeah.
-Tell me everything about this recording.
I'll have the NSA
inspect the tapes with our satellites.
It came in the Townsend
organization yesterday, 4:23 p.m.
[Raymond] You're overreacting.
They froze my security clearance.
And when I say "they,"
I mean Harold Cooper.
The drive that was stolen,
he must have accessed it.
He is coming for me.
Cooper needs to be stopped
before that happens.
I said I'd take care of it, and I will.
[cell phone beeps]
[knocks on door]
We're here for Mary.
Is Neville here? Is he with you?
Open the door and we can talk.
[lock thunking]
[static crackling on radio]
[woman 1 on radio] It's your staff.
What do you want me to do?
-[woman 2] The senator...
-[static crackles]
[woman 2] It's being widely anticipated...
-[static crackling]
-You okay?
-[dogs barking]
-I'm fine.
You don't seem fine.
Camera two, scan that second floor
again for me, will you?
-[woman 3] He said I could make it up...
-I know how hard this is.
The NSA said this is
where the call came from.
Keen's here.
You're doing the right thing.
-Seeing this through, bringing her in.
-[man] Not a problem with the wiring.
Make sure she doesn't get hurt.
Hey, unit two, third floor west.
[Vandyke on radio] I know what was
agreed to, but he changed his mind.
-[Mary] Just go with them. Please.
-[woman] Absolutely not.
-[Vandyke] He's insisting.
-[woman] I gave him instructions.
-I was very clear.
-[Vandyke] And I realize that.
Did he make us?
-[man] I think he did. Should we move in?
-Hold tight.
[Mary] You understand why
he insists on a neutral location.
What do you think? Lookout?
Hey, lady. These your friends?
[dramatic music playing]
That's her, Park. It's her.
-[Mary] What are you doing?
-[Vandyke] Getting you out.
Breach! Breach! All units go now!
[Park] I'll take the north.
Keen lied. It's a setup.
We're coming your way.
[gunshots]
Shots fired. Shots fired. Officer down.
[grunts]
[gunshots]
Stop! Keen. Put it down.
[gunshot]
[agent] I'm okay.
You want to live, you come with me.
Park, they're on the street,
headed your way.
Freeze! Don't move! FBI!
-[Vandyke] Forget Mary. Leave her.
-[Park] Hands!
Show me your hands.
[Ressler] Elizabeth Keen. Where is she?
I don't know. Dead, for all I care.
She grabbed you in France,
used you to lure out Neville Townsend.
She grabbed me and befriended me.
Tricked me into believing
I could trust her,
when all she wanted
was to use me to betray my brother.
Say that again.
Neville Townsend is my brother.
[Aram] A criminal
and international fugitive.
Your parents must be proud.
[Ressler] Keen thought
she was using you to trap Townsend.
But you made sure
it was the other way around.
I was minding my own business
when she kidnapped me.
I've done nothing wrong.
Except use chemical weapons
on men, women and children.
[Mary] I'm a research scientist.
If you can prove otherwise, arrest me.
If not, let me go.
That's not gonna happen.
Then I won't tell you
what you want to know.
[cell phone ringing]
It's Cooper.
-Tell me you found her.
-Found and lost, I'm afraid.
-Townsend got there first?
-He got Elizabeth.
We got his sister. Chemical Mary.
Mary Bremmer? She's Townsend's sister?
We're interrogating her,
but we're not getting anywhere.
Our Townsend associate
is equally obstinate.
We're ratcheting up his Q and A,
moving from paper to plastic.
You know Townsend.
What hope does she have?
He's a dangerous man.
Elizabeth kidnapped his sister.
And now he has Elizabeth.
If I were her, I'd feel pretty hopeless.
[cell phone beeps]
-Any word on Agent Keen?
-No. But we found Rakitin.
-[indistinct radio chatter]
-[Park] He was one of the five suspects
we've been investigating at
the office of Intelligence and Analysis.
Suspending his clearance spooked him.
He was notified this morning
that his credentials were frozen.
Left the office.
Neighborhood security
found his car less than an hour later.
Wrap the vehicle.
Get Evidence Response on site.
Something here points to his relationship
with Reddington, and I want it found.
[dramatic music playing]
Godwin, I'm begging you. Please.
-It's urgent.
-He gave me specific instructions.
-This takes precedence.
-It'll have to wait.
His last episode was four days.
He was manic. He can't be disturbed.
Blake, my love, we need
to wake Mr. Townsend right now.
[emotional music playing]
[Blake] Neville?
Neville, can you hear me?
-[moans softly]
-It's okay. It's okay, Mr. Townsend.
You were sleeping.
[Godwin] Sir. I'm sorry to wake you, sir.
It's Elizabeth Keen.
We have her.
I've been dreaming about you, Elizabeth.
You.
Your mother.
The malice you must feel
toward me because of her death.
It's as if I...
I manifested you.
Brought you here from my sleep. Why?
We both know why.
We know I need to be the last face you see
while you're begging for your life.
[dramatic music playing]
What is this?
Who--?
What have you done?
You need to hear her out.
You said you had Elizabeth Keen.
[woman] Neville, look at me.
I am Elizabeth Keen.
Our focus was finding Elizabeth.
-That's right.
-We had an understanding.
We do, and I'm living up to that.
Though your tone
suggests you believe otherwise.
What suggests otherwise
is Rakitin's dead body.
-What are you talking about?
-You killed him.
No, I did not.
You took time out from trying to find
Elizabeth in order to save your own hide.
To keep him
from confirming that you're N-13.
I'm not worried about my hide.
I worry about Elizabeth's.
I strongly suggest you do the same.
And whoever is dead,
I certainly didn't kill him.
I don't believe you.
That's your problem, not mine.
Harold says Rakitin is dead.
We would have heard.
I'm gonna make some calls, scratch around.
After you finish that, swing by his place
and see what you can find.
[Vandyke] She had it in her jacket
when I searched her.
Well, Miss...
Keen.
This is certainly unprecedented.
Where's Mary?
In FBI custody.
And she took her, what, to hurt me?
Talk to me, Neville.
I'm right here. I'm looking right at you.
Why did you take my sister?
Because I had no way to reach you.
Abducting your sister
forced her to make contact,
to negotiate her own return
and to get this
face-to-face meeting with you.
I had nothing to do with today's capture.
-No? You're an FBI agent.
-Not anymore, I'm not.
The FBI can't help me.
You can.
If you thought saving my sister would
put you in my good graces, you're wrong.
Besides, why would you think I'd help you?
I've done nothing but hurt you.
I murdered your mother.
I'll kill you once--
You believe my mother was murdered
by the Kazanjian Brothers.
That never happened.
They betrayed you,
cut a deal with my mother
to fake her death
and buy her the time
she needed to clear her name.
-I don't believe any of this.
-I don't expect you to.
You've spent 30 years hunting my mother
because you believe
she's the Russian turncoat they call N-13.
She's not.
She was innocent.
Katarina Rostova is N-13.
Katarina Rostova was framed
by her father and set up as a patsy.
She knew the world
would never stop hunting her
until she could prove that truth,
a truth she died trying to uncover.
You said she was alive.
She was. Until Raymond Reddington
killed her.
Are you saying Reddington killed her
to hide the fact he's N-13?
Yes.
And I can prove it.
He's the reason your family is dead.
He's the one you need to kill.
I'm here to help you do exactly that.
Tell me more.
[dramatic music playing]
What are you up to?
They wanted Rakitin.
I gave them someone who fits the bill.
I told you I was handling it.
-Does Cooper believe it was me?
-That's not the point.
That's the only point.
The witch hunt is over and
there's one less government knob
sticking his nose into our business.
You should be thanking me.
You tricked them.
For a day, maybe two.
But they'll see past it.
And when they do,
they'll come looking for you.
You give them too much credit.
My friend, I am engaged
in a 30-year project.
Now, you may be a vital part of that,
but if you jeopardize it again,
as the impetuous amateur that you are,
I will let you go permanently.
Is that clear?
[Park] Still combing through surveillance.
I can't believe she'd work
with someone like this.
She was using her to get to Townsend.
Have you seen what she's done?
Chemical Mary?
The way her weapons have been used
against civilians, children.
[dramatic music playing]
The Agent Keen I know
wouldn't use someone like this
to get to Townsend or anyone else.
She'd arrest her and make sure
she couldn't hurt anyone again.
Whoa.
-What is it?
-Look.
This is footage from the raid.
And that's supposed to be her.
-[Aram] Agent Keen.
-[Park] Right. Except...
[keyboard clacks]
[dramatic music playing]
-[Aram] It's not Agent Keen.
-[Park] Someone's pretending to be her.
Why would anyone do that?
But more importantly, this woman,
where did they take her?
[Katarina on recording] I can't imagine
what this must be like for you.
Knowing you can't kill me because
of how much Elizabeth loves her mother.
[gunshots on recording]
That's quite... convincing.
I wouldn't have gone to the effort
of taking your sister, luring you out,
of making this pitch unless I was certain.
Reddington killed my mother
because she had uncovered the truth.
She had evidence.
She discovered his plan
and he killed her to keep her quiet.
Even if you're right,
why would I trust you?
I'm not an FBI agent.
The FBI raided my team
during a meeting with you.
They have my sister.
They'll force her to talk.
Those are the very people
enabling Reddington, working with him.
The FBI--
He's embedded himself in the Bureau.
Gained their trust.
To what end, I don't know,
which is why I need your help.
-You mean my money.
-Your influence.
Look, Reddington has an army
on both sides of the law.
I can't do this alone. I need a partner.
What you've done,
coming here like this, it's...
It's audacious.
But if I were
to even consider an alliance,
I'd need to know, without question,
that I can trust you.
You can trust me.
I hope so.
Which is why I'm going
to give you an opportunity to prove it.
[Ressler] I can see it's not Keen. What
I can't figure out is why it's not Keen.
How did she find someone
that looks exactly like her?
Just got the forensics
back from the scene.
No hit on the prints
or facial recognition.
Whoever Keen's doppelgänger is,
she's not in any database.
-We've got nothing. No leads.
-We don't have to find her.
Why not? She could lead us to Keen.
Because she found us.
She surrendered herself five minutes ago.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Ressler] We can sit here all day.
But this, whatever it is we're doing,
it's not gonna work.
Look, you obviously are working with her.
You're some kind of surrogate.
-Tell me how I can help.
-Ressler, I told you what I need.
It's Agent Ressler.
Donald.
Come on.
I care about you.
I want to end this as much as you do,
but I need your help.
We're not giving you immunity.
I can't tell you what's happening
until you do. Please.
Talk to me about Keen.
I told you, it's me.
No.
You want proof?
[dramatic music playing]
Why don't we start with what happened
between you and me the night
before I went on the run?
Who the hell are you?
Harold.
Please. I need your help.
Reach out to Panabaker.
See if she'll consider a deal.
[Panabaker] Absolutely not!
Giving her immunity
is the only way we find Keen.
Giving who immunity?
We don't even know who she is.
[Ressler] We know
she knows a lot about Keen.
What she knows is that you thought
it was a fine idea to dip
your wick in the fugitive end of the pool.
Honestly, Harold,
sometimes I wonder if Keen is
out there because you can't find her
-or because none of you want to.
-It's hard going after a colleague.
I make no secret of that,
but I'd remind you
that we apprehended Chemical Mary,
a war criminal who has
eluded capture for over a decade.
Thanks to this task force,
she is sitting in an interrogation room
awaiting transport to central lockup.
I am aware you have neutered
more than your fair share
of swamp creatures,
which is why I give you a long leash.
But it's not so long that
I'll approve granting immunity
to someone whose identity I am unaware of.
Go over the forensics again.
Facial recognition, prints.
-See what you can find.
-Be good if that included your dignity.
[phone rings]
-This is Cooper.
-[Raymond] I thought I had someone
who could help locate Elizabeth.
I was mistaken.
Townsend doesn't have her.
We thought he did.
When we raided her safe house,
we thought we saw his team grab Keen.
It turns out it was a look-alike.
If you boys are done
mansplaining to each other.
Play nice. Cynthia Panabaker is here.
-Tell me about this look-alike.
-She's a walk-in.
She'll lead us to Keen if she gets
immunity, which I will not grant
until I know who we're dealing with.
A look-alike? A walk-in?
Someone who knows
how to lead you to Agent Keen?
Be careful, Harold. I suspect
that woman may be a Cyranoid.
-Excuse me?
-A play on a play.
Cyrano de Bergerac, in which
the homely but clever poet
woos the lovely Roxane
by speaking through
a handsome intermediary.
A timeless tale, perfectly adapted
to the criminal world.
What is he talking about?
Imagine being able to hire
trained operatives:
ex Mossad, discharged military personnel,
agents of all stripes,
to be your eyes, your ears and your voice.
Are you saying Liz can hear
everything her Cyranoid can?
Yes. She's the master of her own puppet,
an avatar of herself.
Consider the arms dealer
who is conducting business in a war zone,
or the cartel leader who's personally
delivering a ransom.
One might dream up any number
of dicey and dangerous situations
in which criminals
would fear for their lives.
Cyranoids are the solution.
They're paid surrogates offering
a physical likeness of their employer
while broadcasting the experience
to said employer.
Broadcasting how?
A device in the eye, a gadget in the ear.
I don't know how the magic works.
I'm told it's a voyeur's delight.
[Cooper] If you're right
and this is Elizabeth's stand-in,
-why would she give herself up?
-My suspicion, Harold, is that she hasn't.
She just wants you to believe she has.
Something tells me
the canary just ate the cat.
[suspenseful music playing]
I have double-checked. We can't ID her.
Whoever she is, she is not our problem.
Now, this is our problem.
Douma and Khan Shaykhun.
Syrian children victimized
by chlorine gas.
-What are you doing?
-We have a criminal in custody.
I am going to confront her
with her crimes.
-She cut the feed, Keen's Cyranoid.
-[Park] Her what?
The doppelgänger.
We've lost visual contact.
She's gone. I repeat, she's gone.
-[keypad beeping]
-[door unlocks]
How did you get in?
-Your brother. He sent me.
-What? How?
What do you mean "sent"?
[Liz Double] I am not a murderer.
She knows too much.
She's made herself a liability.
She's your sister.
You can't beat Reddington without me.
That's why you're here.
You need me on your team.
This is my price.
Are you willing to pay it?
[Mary] Does Neville
have people on the way?
Your brother loves you very much.
[dramatic music playing]
[grunting]
-[keypad beeping]
-[door unlocks]
Do not move.
Aram, put the gun down. Aram.
-How do you know my name?
-Aram, it's me. It's Liz.
There. Go back.
Sector four. Lower level.
B corridor south.
Lock it down.
[alarm wailing]
-I promise you, Aram.
-Get on the ground.
I hired the woman you're looking at.
I can see and hear everything she does.
She says what I tell her--
I said get on the ground.
That's how she knew about the task force,
how she got out of interrogation.
I told her to kill the cameras.
-I gave her the codes.
-Stop where you are or I'll shoot.
Turbo.
-What?
-Your pet turtle's name is Turbo.
You bike to work.
You like salad dressing on the side.
-Your last girlfriend was a sociopath--
-Don't come any closer.
Aram, it's me.
Breach control, Sector Four.
We need a team at the south egress.
If you're Liz
or acting for Liz, whatever...
why kill Mary Bremmer?
Liz would never do that.
I don't expect you to understand,
but I am doing
what is necessary to end this,
to stop Reddington.
She was in our custody.
She was a murderer, Aram.
She killed innocents.
No.
I'm sorry, Aram.
[blues music playing on stereo]
[buzzer sounds]
Be right with you.
Employees only. I can help you up front.
I need to speak with the Commissioner.
The Commissioner.
Isn't that what he calls himself?
You said he calls himself
the Commissioner.
The Commander. Sorry. The Commander.
Jafari calls him the Commissioner.
I need to speak with the Commissioner.
Guys, I don't know who
the Commissioner is,
or why you think he's here,
but we fix radios.
[dramatic music playing]
Commissioner.
Right.
You, um... need to speak
to Mr. Wonderly first,
be vetted by security.
Let's not waste anyone's life today.
Just a minute.
[beeping]
[beeps]
Paging him now.
The doppelgänger.
Keen's telling her what to do,
where to go. She has a radio.
Notify CRT. Get men to
the utility corridor. Lock it down.
[device pinging]
What's this?
You're not on my schedule.
Commissioner? Are you in there?
This is surreal.
I'll get to the point.
I need information
on one of your contracts.
Who are you?
How did you find me?
Who I am doesn't matter.
What does matter is that I found you
and that I'm willing to tell the world
everything I know
about your little enterprise,
unless you tell me where I can find
your client, Elizabeth Keen.
Okay, just hold on. Slow down.
I don't have client information.
I suspect you keep a rather
close watch on your clients.
On their money, yes. On their payments.
Not their physical whereabouts.
The only way to do that is to trace
the signal while they're communicating...
Through their Cyranoid in real time.
Okay, then. The location
of Elizabeth Keen's Cyranoid.
I need it.
In exchange, I stay quiet
and your little shop of horrors
remains our secret.
[Liz Double] Hey.
Keen, I know you can hear this.
[Liz Double] You should let me go.
Those days are over.
Why? Nothing's changed.
You ordered your puppet to murder Bremmer.
You're helping her escape.
I've missed you.
Well, how about we get together,
have a little chat?
You know where to find me.
As a matter of fact, I do.
Give me your gun.
Don't do this.
Cooper, I know you can hear me.
I have Ressler.
Tell everyone to stand down.
I don't want to hurt him.
If I see one guard, I'll shoot.
The alarm scrambled the codes.
You know the new ones.
[door unlocks]
I meant what I said.
I really do miss you.
-Yeah?
-There you are. Where have you been?
-I've been trying to reach you.
-I've been on assignment.
It doesn't matter. Just listen to me.
-What's going on?
-There were two men. They know.
I don't know how, but they know.
They came to the nest
asking about the contract.
They can't reach the client.
We correspond through--
The interface. I know.
Which is why the Commissioner
was forced to give your location.
They know where you are. They're coming.
[Raymond] Elizabeth.
I think we're long overdue for a talk.
I can't help you.
I don't know where she is.
We're not online.
Then bring her back online.
That's not a request.
Whatever it is you want,
you can't get to her.
You can't hurt her.
It's why she has me as an avatar.
I want to talk to her.
[earpiece beeps]
Yes.
I am. Thank you.
Actually, no. There's a man who is
insisting on speaking with you.
Yes, he's here now.
[exhales]
[dramatic music playing]
Is she there?
Elizabeth, are you there?
I'm here.
This certainly makes me reconsider
my dislike of cell phones.
What do you want?
[Raymond] I'd like this to stop.
For us to find peace, to talk.
We're talking now.
-Where are you? I can come to you.
-I don't want to see you.
We need to speak, face to face,
just you and I--
That's the thing about you.
You're used to getting
your way every time.
Well, that's not gonna work with me,
not anymore.
You can't follow or interrogate me.
That's why I have a Cyranoid,
to eliminate your control.
And as far as finding me, good luck.
Goodbye, Reddington.
Now you're gonna kill
an innocent bystander to get to me?
The innocent bystander you used
for your contract killing of Mary Bremmer?
I'm no lawyer, but I'm sure
that makes her a murderer.
What it makes you,
I'm still grappling with.
The more immediate question is whether
you're willing to let this woman die
as a result of your choices.
I'm not holding a gun.
But you are, Elizabeth.
Tell me where to find you and she lives.
[clicks]
You think you have
power over me, don't you?
-Your location.
-I'm not giving it.
[clicks]
I am not surrendering myself to you.
Okay, stop. Please stop.
Your location.
I didn't say stop. She did.
This young woman
doesn't deserve to die, Elizabeth.
It's your decision.
But Miss Collins has three chambers left.
If you're going to put a bullet
in that poor woman's head...
that's your doing, not mine.
[clicks]
Please, sir, I am begging you.
I can help you find her.
Just put the gun down, please.
Two chambers, Elizabeth.
Miss Collins. Is that your name?
I'm sorry to put you in this situation.
I'm so terribly sorry.
[clicks]
You're an extremely lucky young woman.
But unfortunately, that's it.
Last chance.
Give me your location, Elizabeth.
Or the next chamber
is blood on your hands.
Do what you're gonna do.
This conversation is over.
Wait! Stop. Please.
She's gone. She disconnected.
Please. I'm begging you. She's gone.
Did we get the trace?
Columbia Heights. Quincy Street.
[suspenseful music playing]
Cheap trick.
My apologies.
[Panabaker] Where's the line, Harold?
The bright light.
The demarcation between
what you won't stand for
and what you'll let slide,
even as it rots your soul.
If I had a quarter for every time
I've asked myself that question...
I can't unsee what I saw.
Of course you can. People do it every day.
Look away from bigotry,
degradation, disease.
Ignore injustice.
Someone was murdered here today.
You don't understand Agent Keen,
what she's been through,
the incredible burden Reddington placed
on her. If you knew the whole story,
if you knew half of it...
you'd be as amazed as I am
that she's behaved as well as she has.
I never could have.
I don't know anyone who could.
So you're saying there is no line.
No.
I'm saying that drawing it is about
the hardest thing I've ever had to do.
But I think it's time I do just that.
[dramatic music playing]
-What's this?
-Evidence Team's report.
-From the vehicle.
-He had fruit punch in his thermos?
The intel on the drive from Reddington,
-it's all here.
-It is now. It wasn't when he died.
-What do you mean?
-He had a laptop in his vehicle.
None of the files on the agents
found on Rakitin's drive was there
-at the time of his death.
-So who input the data?
How about Rakitin? Think.
He knows we're looking for him.
I don't know how, but just go with it.
He knows there's only five people
with access to this kind of intel.
So he kills one of them
and uploads the incriminating data
onto his computer.
-He did us a favor.
-How do you figure?
Originally, we had five suspects.
and now we have four.
That puts us 20 percent closer
to finding Rakitin.
What's she gonna do?
Issue an arrest warrant for Keen.
You couldn't talk her out of that?
I asked her to do it.
-[cell phone beeps]
-[dialing]
[phone rings]
Reddington.
Where's Elizabeth Keen?
Life is full of little surprises,
isn't it?
Imagine mine when I learned Rostova
wasn't responsible
for the death of my family.
But she was.
Keen says otherwise.
A daughter wanting to believe
there was good in a mother who was bad.
I heard the tape, you killing Rostova
to cover the truth.
So very operatic, even for you.
Elizabeth Keen is not to be trusted.
Oh, I think she is.
She's proven herself
quite an asset already.
Murdering your sister.
Above and beyond, I think you'll agree.
It seems that there is literally nothing
she won't do to get to you.
You certainly collect
enemies in your wake.
And as the wise men say,
the enemy of my enemy is my friend.
My issues with Elizabeth Keen
don't concern you.
And my issues with you don't concern her.
Oh, but they do, in ways
you've kept secret for far too long.
It turns out that you're due
for a reckoning.
And Elizabeth Keen and I
are coming to deliver one.
[dramatic music playing]
Try and get some sleep.
I always try.
And I never do.
[theme music playing]